Movable Type version 3.2
Released Monday, August 25, 2005 
Copyright 2005 Six Apart, Inc


ABOUT MOVABLE TYPE

Movable Type is the leading weblog publishing platform for businesses,
organizations, developers, and web designers.  First released in 2001 by
Ben and Mena Trott, Movable Type is the most powerful and extensible
weblog publishing platform on the Internet.

Here are just some of the feature highlights:

    *   Support for unlimited blogs

    *   Flexible static and dynamic PHP publishing
    
    *   Clean, powerful interface
    
    *   Template-based custom output
    
    *   Community interaction through comments and TrackBack
    
    *   Powerful Community Management incl. out-of-the-box spam
    protection

    *   Flexible archiving by individual post, post category, or by
    date.
    
    *   Simple installation and upgrade
    
    *   Clean, powerful interface
    
    *   Technical support with a paid license
    
    *   Internationalization framework and localizations in many
    languages
    
    *   Standards-based application programming interfaces (API) via
    Perl, Atom and XML-RPC
    
    *   XML-based syndication in all common formats (Atom/RSS)
    
    *   Support for most common server environments in over 8,000
    combinations
    
    *   Powerful plug-in architecture and plugin directory
    
    *   Editable object-oriented Perl source code

For more detail about these features, see:

    http://www.sixapart.com/movabletype/features


ABOUT THIS RELEASE

Movable Type 3.2 is a major evolution of the platform you've come to
know and love.  Here are just a few of the highlights:

    * Better Installation and Upgrade
    
    * Unlimited Blogging
    
    * System Overview section
    
    * The Best Community Management
    
    * New Search/Replace and context sensitive search on every page
    
    * Simplified comment/TrackBack template tag structure
    
    * Six Apart standard templates which share styles with TypePad and
    LiveJournal
    
    * Lots of new plugins
    
    * Completely revamped User Manual
    
    * A Knowledge Base open to all users

For a complete list of all of the changes, see:

    The Movable Type changelog:
    http://sixapart.com/movabletype/docs/3.2/h_changelog
    
    Known issues list:
    http://sixapart.com/movabletype/docs/3.2/i_known_issues


REQUIREMENTS

Movable Type requires a standard web browser (Microsoft Internet
Explorer 5.x or higher, Apple Safari, Mozilla or Mozilla Firefox) to use
and administer as well as a means for transmitting files to a remote
server (FTP client, SCP etc).

Movable Type also requires a web server and a SQL-based database
(recommended) or BerkeleyDB for storage of data.   The application has
been tested and runs on the following:

    Operating Systems:
    
        * Linux
        * Solaris/Unix
        * BSD
        * Mac OS X
        * Windows Server
    
    Web Servers:
    
        * Apache
        * Microsoft IIS
        * Netscape
    
    Databases:
    
        * MySQL
        * Berkeley DB
        * PostgreSQL
        * SQLite


INSTALLATION/UPGRADE

If you are installing Movable Type for the first time or upgrading, see
the documentation at:

    http://sixapart.com/movabletype/docs/3.2/01_installation_and_upgrade/


WHERE TO GO FOR HELP

The Movable Type Manual is the first stop for nearly all questions
regarding use of the application and can be found at:

    http://sixapart.com/movabletype/docs/3.2/

If you need further help and are a paid licensee of Movable Type, you
can use the help ticket system at:

    https://secure.sixapart.com/t/account

Simply log into your account and file a ticket and our support staff
will be happy to help you.

The Movable Type Community Forums are also a good resource of
user-to-user help for a wide range of problems.  The can be found at:

    http://www.movabletype.org/support/


OTHER RESOURCES

For the latest news about Movable Type, check the MT News blog at:

    http://www.sixapart.com/movabletype/news/

Our Professional Network is also a resource for developers and power
users:

    http://www.sixapart.com/pronet/

Finally, one of the greatest strengths of Movable Type is its
extensibility through its plugin API.  The Six Apart Plugin Directory is
a repository for hundreds of contributions from our users which
represent a variety of enhancements to the system:

    http://www.sixapart.com/pronet/plugins/



ABOUT SIX APART, LTD

Six Apart Ltd., based in San Francisco, CA, is the company behind the
Movable Type publishing platform, the TypePad personal weblogging
service and LiveJournal, an online community organized around personal
journals. Founded by husband and wife team Ben Trott and Mena G. Trott
in 2002 and funded by Neoteny Co., Ltd. and August Capital, Six Apart's
sole focus is to create tools that enable millions of individuals,
organizations and corporations to participate in the Web's full
potential by publishing their ideas on the Internet with simple, yet
powerful software and services. For more information about Six Apart,
TypePad, Movable Type and LiveJournal, visit the Six Apart corporate
weblog at http://www.sixapart.com/.

Six Apart is a trademark of Six Apart Ltd. All other trademarks are the
property of their respective owners.
